Good day Mr. Pirovic, thanks for your time today. The Indiana Pacers have been keeping track of your rise to superstardom and believe you can bring the Pacers to title contention in a couple of seasons. Here are a few reasons why we believe the Pacers are the best fit for you as a player.
1. Be part of an amazing wing duo
Pacers sophomore Drew Tigert has had a sensational sophomore season, improving in almost every major statistic and efficiency rating while being a premier defensive wing with height, length and athleticism. However, his scoring leaves much to be desired, and we believe your transcendent scoring abilities is the perfect fit for him, while his athletic abilities and defense can help you when we are up against speedy wings who can score in bunches.
2. Be a leader of a team that wants to compete in the future
Although the Pacers may not have the necessary pieces right now to challenge for a title, we believe that you and Tigert are excellent building blocks for a title contending team. In the meantime, you will be our best player on the team and mentor our young players and lead by example. We think that slowly leading a young team into a contender is a great experience for any superstar looking to etch his name among the greats, and we hope that you feel the same.
3. Front office with a track record of building contenders with small market teams
I have been working on building contenders for decades in this league, including the Minnesota Timberwolves, the Boston Celtics and New Orleans Pelicans.All teams have gone on to win titles, and all had strong foundations when I left the organizations. I can assure you that the Pacers will be the same and will be able to contend in a season or two, as my track record suggests in building strong teams that can compete for titles.


b'CaptainClutch':	Hi Ethan, thanks for flying out to Houston today! As you know, we are offering you 19.05M through 2041. We'd really like you to come to Houston and help us get to our first playoff appearance since 2025. As you may know, I am going for the win now approach, I traded the #6 overall pick to land Ricardo Ammonds, a very talented PG who will be in his prime next season. This move helped us keep Lance Lent, another talented guard to come back to Houston. Both are very willing passers(Lent averaged 9.5 ast and Ammons averaged 6.9 ast), so you can expect to have the ball in the post often. We also have talented young players who are getting better each season in Rasmi Aird, Rashad Dokes, and Jake Peterson to name a few. What we are currently missing is a solid big man like you. You'll definitely be a starter and will be playing 35 minutes per game. In your free time you'll be living in a very interesting city, whether you are touring NASA or learning about WW2 at the Holocaust museum, you'll have something to do every day here. Thanks for letting us talk to you today Ethan!	2018-06-09 23:27:26.816000

**
**Pitch:** https://adobe.ly/2JyPNpK

MavroSThanoS:	Pitch Mr. Branham
Thanks for sitting down with us. As you know we've offered you a contract of 24 million till 2041. You are the star we've been waiting for in Washington. You and Ike Harkness, who is more than happy to have you as a teammate,  will take over the league. You are both two way beasts, and can compliment each other's games perfectly. Not only our star is excited for you, but also our fanbase. Our fans are one of the most loyal in the league. Even through our struggles as an organization, they have always supported and believed in all of our players. We feel you're the last piece to the puzzle. We believe you can elevate us to the next level. Once again, thanks for sitting with us. Hope you will consider our offer.

Wizards GM,

MavroSThanoS:	Pitch Mr. Guest,
Thanks for giving us your time. We've offered you a contract of 7 million till 2040. We believe that you are the veteran presence we need on the Point Guard position. Your amazing basketball IQ can help us contend and can help the younger guys get better. You are as good of a defensive player as you are an offensive beast.  You make everyone around you play better. We hope you consider and accept our offer. The city of Washington wants you here to bring us to the next level. 

Wizards GM, 

MavroSThanoS:	Pitch Mr. Mann,
Thanks for sitting down with us. The Wizards organization has offered you a contract of 10 million till 2040. You're one of the few elite rim protectors in the league and you're something we need. We need a player like you to anchor our defense. When someone like you protects the paint, the whole team is motivated to play better defense. Not only you are a defensive monster, but you also have offensive skills. We think you're an important piece to our team and we want you here.

Wizards GM,
MavroSThanoS	2018-06-11 15:42:27.905000
MavroSThanoS:	Pitch Mr. Smilemars,
Thanks for taking the time to listen to us. We've offered you a contract of 8 million through 2041. Our organization wants you to join us to help us contend. We believe your experience as a player can help our up and coming stars. Your offensive capabilities can help our offense. You're a scorer and we need that here in Washington. We really hope you consider and accept our offer. Again, thanks for your time. 

Wizards GM, FDR	pitch Good afternoon, Walter. 
Us at the Hornets organization are very excited to have you with us today, we think you can be a big part of a championship core down here in Charlotte. You are very skilled and would be a great addition to the team, so come on!
FDR, Hornets GM	2018-06-12 17:18:53.646000
CaptainClutch	Pitch	2018-06-12 17:39:40.173000
CaptainClutch	Pitch	2018-06-12 17:40:18.864000
CaptainClutch	Pitch
Hi Ron we feel like you’d be a fantastic addition to our roster! We are currently a team with a bright future and are missing a stretcg big man that could potentially push us to the next level. We've already signed a good, young big man in Ron Tipson. We believe that pairing you up would make a twin towers duo in Houston. As you may know, I want to win now, that’s why I traded my 6th pick for a very good PG in Ricardo Ammonds. This was enough to get Lance Lent( Another talented guard) back. You’ll be getting a lot of touches not only in the post, but also on the perimeter as we'd love for you to be a pick and pop big. I believe we have the right mixture of Youth and experience that is perfect for YOU. Thanks for letting me talk to you today I hope to see you in Houston soon!	2018-06-12 17:40:56.608000
